Natures Aura (#276)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/Mods/Natures_Aura/Offering_To_The_Gods.md

# Offering to the Gods

## Package
```zenscript
mods.naturesaura.Offering
```

## Methods
- **String Name**
- **[IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) input** The offering
- **int ininputAmount** The amount of items required for the input. Note that this means that the amount of the input variable is ignored

> - **int startItem** the item required to start the offering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) startItem** the item required to start the offering
```

- **[IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack) output** The gift of the Offering

## Addition

```zenscript
mods.naturesaura.Offering.addRecipe(String name, IIngredient input, int inputAmount, IIngredient startItem, IItemStack output)
```

## Removal

```zenscript

> mods.naturesaura.AnimalSpawner.removeRecipe(String name)

Reviewer: Probably something like 
```suggestion
mods.naturesaura.Offering.removeRecipe(String name)
```
?
